feat(resource-detector-azure): add detector for Azure Container Apps (#3289)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib: packages/resource-detector-azure/README.md

### Azure Container Apps Resource Detector

| Resource Attribute            | Description                                                                                                                                     |
|-------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| azure.container_apps.revision | The revision of the Azure Container App. Value of Process Environment Variable `CONTAINER_APP_REVISION`.                                       |
| cloud.platform                | The cloud platform. Here, it's always "azure.container_apps".                                                                                  |
| cloud.provider                | The cloud service provider. In this context, it's always "azure".                                                                              |
| container.name                | The name of the Azure Container App. Value of Process Environment Variable `CONTAINER_APP_NAME`.                                               |

> | host.id                       | The hostname of the container. Value of Process Environment Variable `CONTAINER_APP_HOSTNAME`.                                                 |

Author: I'll remove it for now. 7573b0f00794c45914db49ec22f0b23a3e56f829

> | host.name                     | The fully qualified domain name of the app, composed from `CONTAINER_APP_NAME` and `CONTAINER_APP_ENV_DNS_SUFFIX`.                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| host.name                     | The hostname of the container. Value of Process Environment Variable `CONTAINER_APP_HOSTNAME.                             |
```
